I had the taxes done this morning and Tiernan and Associates.  The kids did alright with the refunds.  We owe a bit more than 4k due to the SERS payments not having any federal or state witholding.  That's a problem which will need to be corrected.  I've added the task.
I visited the three facilities I'd picked out for Becky.  The Vandalia facility felt cold and sterile - so, while they are scored highly by Medicare - I was not impressed.  The Grace Brethren facility in Englewood was older but cozy.  The Dayspring facility in Fairborn was also nice but a little older.
I've called the three facilities as well as SpringMead in Tipp City.  I left a message with the Grace Brethren facility for a call back which has not yet arrived.  I also left a message with the Vandalia facility. I spoke with the admissions director at Dayspring.  She was helpful - but her requirements for a updated medical records and copies of the medicaid enrollment forms is a circular as the lawyers expect she will be admitted before the paperwork is filed.
Of particular interest, the Dayspring admissions director again brought up the subject about a memory care unit. None of the places I picked have a memory care unit - and I'm wondering whether it would be necessary (and helpful) with Becky. Her condition will only grow worse and I am concerned about putting her in a facility unprepared or not specializing in her condition.
I have called the attorney's back.  I'm of the opinion that I may need to get Becky enrolled in Medicaid for in home care before transitioning to the nursing home. I'm looking for a call back from Natasha at some point starting tomorrow (and postentially extending in to next week). 