Today being a holiday, I did not feel compelled to sprint through my morning activities.  The house was quiet and my mind had the opportunity to wander unguided.

Three topics rambled through my mind as I sat quietly on the couch:

The enforced solitude and quiet each morning produces  excellent insights - such as this one.  I traditionally indulge each and then move on without capturing it.  I need ot take note of each and make certain I don't fail to retain the lesson. Retain these reflection periods and capture what you learn.

George Lovett is a predator.  You need to start dealing with him that way and extricate yourself from him as soon as possible.

Startin with your brother in 2007, and continuing through your challenges in 2020 with Becky - your life is dictated by the health of your family.  Your brother's loss lead into your Mother's loss which led in to your wife's loss (of cognitive function). Either Carole or your Dad will likely be the next phase of your life.
Don't assume all is well after you address Becky's circumstances. It won't be.

And in follow up to this third bullet above, you should not count on the post-Becky quiet time lasting.  You will need to have a conversation with Carole and understand her plans for your Dad so you can plan accordingly.
1. Are they planning  to go in to a retirement community?
2. Do they want to stay in the condo even as one or the other declines?

For your part - enjoy the quietude and independence - but don't expect it to last.